hello to this yum we have a secret
weapons and then run away deus means so
here I will not show you this coin 2
penny 1904 table now means in
diameter they
20 how many 24 millimeters
Copper is small here and now for
personally, but you have this
please note that ticker 40
centimeters here and home conditions
here's a 24 millimeter coin
so now and what is the regime supposedly those
same 40 centimeters after all someone tip
iron after all see iron
iron and copper
gland
copper dad for roulette drew
focus on working on this static
mode
but less than 2 tones
well, in completing a large coin here
kabi diameter of 40 one millimeter
silver ag must be seizing ground
by go well let's go
about 50 cm again I would say for what
more well will it not rain 60
headphones
these are the cakes
xp deus all all bye